Frontend update documentation (#92)
brandonxu360/utility-watershed-analytics: client/README.md

Author: Not sure what you mean by this, could you clarify with the type aware lint rules?

Reviewer: The original README.md the starting vite project comes with recommends enabling type aware lint rules - check the diff for the readme.

# Frontend

This section provides helpful commands for working within the frontend development container.

### Useful NPM Scripts

- `npm run build` - Build the application for production.
- `npm run test` - Run the test suite with Vitest.
- `npm run test <path_to_file>` - Run a specific test suite with Vitest.
- `npm run coverage` - Run tests and generate a code coverage report in the `coverage/` folder.
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint to find potential issues in the codebase.

### Troubleshooting and Notes

> - **Build Process**: You do not need to run `npm run dev` manually, as this is handled by the development container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Development Server**: You do not need to run `npm run dev` manually if you are using the development container; it starts the dev server for you.
```

Change according to your intention, but there was a mix up between dev server and build terminology.
